docs(dynamite,dynamite_runtime): document dynamite and dynamite_runti… (#1222)
nextcloud/neon: packages/dynamite/dynamite/README.md

The builder generates code if it find files with an `.openapi.json` or `.openapi.yaml` extension in the lib directory.

# Setup

The generated code makes use of various third party packages. Please add the following dependencies to your `pubspec.yaml`.
```yaml
dependencies:
  built_collection: ^5.0.0
  built_value: ^8.0.0
  collection: ^1.0.0
  dynamite_runtime: ^0.0.1
  meta: ^1.0.0
  universal_io: ^2.0.0
  uri: ^1.0.0
dev_dependencies:
  build_runner: ^2.4.0
  built_value_generator: ^8.8.0
  dynamite: any
```

# Generating

To generate code you need to invoke the `build_runner` with the following command:
```sh
dart run build_runner build
``` 
The builder will look for any files ending with either `.openapi.json` or `.openapi.yaml` and place the generated code next to the specifications in a file ending with `.openapi.dart`.

> For a full example checkout our example package using the OpenAPI petstore specification at: https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/tree/main/packages/dynamite/dynamite_petstore_example .

Author: Having such a long text span as a hyperlink looks off

> For a full example checkout our example package using the OpenAPI petstore specification at: https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/tree/main/packages/dynamite/dynamite_petstore_example .

Reviewer: Then just `example package`

The builder generates code if it find files with an `.openapi.json` or `.openapi.yaml` extension in the lib directory.

# Setup

The generated code makes use of various third party packages. Please add the following dependencies to your `pubspec.yaml`.
```yaml
dependencies:
    - built_collection
    - built_value
    - collection
    - dynamite_runtime
    - meta
    - universal_io
    - uri
dev_dependencies:
    - build_runner
    - built_value_generator

>     - dynamite

Reviewer: This syntax is wrong since these are maps and not lists.

When we figure out the constraints in https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/pull/1228 we can already add them here.

Author: I've used the latest major versions for now and I'll use the same versions in #1228

```

# Generating

To generate code you need to invoke the `build_runner` with the following command:
```sh
dart run build_runner build
``` 
The builder will look for any files ending with either `.openapi.json` or `.openapi.yaml` and place the generated code next to the specifications in a file ending with `.openapi.dart`.

> For a full example checkout our example package using the OpenAPI petstore specification at: https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/tree/main/packages/dynamite/dynamite_petstore_example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full example checkout our example package using the OpenAPI petstore specification at: https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/tree/main/packages/dynamite/dynamite_petstore_example .
```
Dot at the end is added to the URL...

> Checkout the [example](https://github.com/nextcloud/neon/tree/main/packages/dynamite/dynamite/example) for a sample package generated from the OpenAPI petstore specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

            - 'static BuiltSet<.*> get values => _\$.*Values;'

```

# Versioning

Dynamite does not yet support the entire OpenAPI specification. We currently support the most common subset of the functionality in version 3.0 and 3.1.
Feel free to open an issue if you rely on any functionality not yet supported.
We will bump the major version when the generated code has breaking api changes. 

# Licensing

While the generator dynamite is licensed under the AGPL this does not apply to the code generated by it. 

> The helper package `dynamite_runtime` is licensed under an BSD-3 clause license, allowing you to use dynamite for proprietary code bases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The helper package `dynamite_runtime` is licensed under an BSD-3 clause license, allowing you to use dynamite in proprietary code bases.
```

> Any changes to dynamite itself are still subject to the AGPL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any changes to dynamite itself are still subject to the AGPL-3.0.
```

            - 'static BuiltSet<.*> get values => _\$.*Values;'

```

# Versioning

> Dynamite does not yet support the entire OpenAPI specification. We currently support the most common subset of the functionality in version 3.0 and 3.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamite does not yet support the full OpenAPI specification. It currently supports the most common subset of the functionality of the versions 3.0 and 3.1.
```

Feel free to open an issue if you rely on any functionality not yet supported.

> We will also bump the major version when the generated code has breaking changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version number of this package will be updated in regards to the generated code. For example if there is a breaking change in the generated code the major version of this package will be updated.
```
